[Music]
Los Angeles everybody want to be star
you have to be the best and never give
up when I get up on stage in front of
people all I can think about is what if
they laugh at me you man you're fearless
I want to feel that too
I don't care I'll do it you only with
ball how this dream yeah I guess we do
that we'll be famous will Charlotte
watch out here we go to be or not to be
it's not gonna happen for you not in a
million years but after a lot it's a
town Greg they don't want me wish we
could just make our own movie a great
idea so there this guy Johnny a true
American hero to be played by me he has
it all good luck my friends and also
maybe Johnny is vampire exactly like the
real alleyway that's right well why do
we just shooting the real alley because
it's real Hollywood movie though yeah ok
action I did not hit her I did not a
high mark but the foot doesn't work if
you're looking at the camera and then
this game girl dancing for my princess
she betrayed him and then this gut
Johnny you go crazy nobody respect my
busy bill it I do this whole movie for
you Greg but why you can't sandy this is
great this real acting gonna ride around
with the dress maybe do it before you
shoot yourself in the head of blow your
brains out I disagree I'm gonna make
this thing we are going to go together
[Music]
mommy this is not necessarily very
necessary but I need to show my ass to
sell this movie I think you're aiming oh
my I aim just do the scene why is he
having sex with her belly button he
knows where her vagina is right and
action what line what in line I did not
hit her it's not true it's [ __ ] I
did not hit her I did not
oh hi mark okay action what is line take
13 action I did not hit all right okay
okay Oh take 67 action I hate her no you
want to change the law you don't grey
man
we'll get there action action action
action
I can't hear in here the actions I can
hear okay action I did not hit her it's
not true it's [ __ ] I did not hit her
I did not oh hi mark
[Applause]
[Music]